PAN-OS Panorama integration implement `show jobs id` (#35761)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/2_1_34.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Enhancement to ***pan-os-platform-get-jobs*** to filter job id by `show jobs id` OP command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the `show jobs id` OP command in the ***pan-os-platform-get-jobs*** command which improves the efficiency of searching for a job by ID.
```

Author: done
